Italian food is more than just pizza and spaghetti. There’s a wide range of ingredients, flavors, and dishes to experiment with in your own home.
“Italian food is bold and satisfying without being heavy. 
It’s rich and textural and uses a whole palette of flavors,” says Michael Chiarello, the chef and owner of Bottega in California’s Napa Valley and author of cookbook Bottega.
 “Enjoying Italian cuisine is more experiential, not intellectual. It comes from a more emotional place that’s very evocative.”



Brown Butter Scallops with Parmesan Risotto
Brown Butter Scallops with Parmesan Risotto and Garlic Spinach ,a cozy, romantic recipe that feels like a fancy restaurant meal at home!



Garlic Butter White Wine Shrimp Linguine 
Linguine noodles tossed with parmesan, parsley, and shrimp sautéed in garlic butter sage white wine!



Spicy Sausage Rigatoni
This Spicy Sausage Rigatoni is so simple and SO GOOD. Chewy tubes of rigatoni swimming in a delicious sauce made of Italian sausage, San Marzano tomatoes, red wine, and spices. 


General Tso’s Cauliflower
golden brown crispy fried cauliflower tossed in a made-from-scratch spicy sweet sauce!


Plantain and Pinto Stew with Aji Verde
new favorite warm and nutritious stew filled with pinto beans, plantains, tomatoes, kale, and lots of cozy spices. Top it with a swizzle of a spicy green sauce called aji verde and you're in flavor town.


Cauliflower Fried Rice
healthy + clean fried rice made with cauliflower, carrots, onions, garlic, eggs/tofu, and sesame oil.


Maple Quinoa Granola
Golden, crunchy, naturally sweetened clustery granola with speckles of quinoa, nuts, coconut, oats, chia, and other delicious, good-for-you things!


Healthy Sweet Potato Skins
These healthy sweet potato skins are stuffed with mashed sweet potato, chickpeas, spinach, and Mozzarella cheese. So delicious!



Sesame Roasted Sweet Potatoes
healthy, vibrant, and super easy to make! Topped with tahini, sesame oil, cilantro, and sesame seeds.


Brussels Sprouts Tacos
Savory sautéed shredded brussels sprouts tucked into charred tortillas with roasted corn, jalapeno, black bean, and cilantro chimichurri.



Raw Vegan Carrot Cake Bites
Raw Vegan Carrot Cake Bites that are chewy, cinnamony, cake-bally, and just the right amount of sweet. Perfect on-the-go snack for spring!



Biscuits and Gravy Egg Bake
YES! A casserole-style dish of fluffy eggs and cheddar baked up with little bites of tender flaky biscuit pieces, and buried under a blanket of creamy green chile sausage gravy.